README.md, before:

# WatchBuy - Live video shopping
[WatchBuy Website](https://hzctony.com/)

[![demo video](https://hzctonyforlive.s3-ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/demovid.png)](https://youtu.be/HZEDPOzgSJk)

[see demo video on Youtube](https://youtu.be/HZEDPOzgSJk)
## features
1. Every live host can introduce every product in live video.
2. Every user can ask questions through chat view.
3. User can add product to cart and purchase them through Stripe.<br> (<br>now only for test: 
<br>credit card: 4242 4242 4242 4242
<br>Expire: 42/42
<br>CVV/CVC NUMBER : 424
<br>)


---------------------------------------
## Architecture

![image](readme/architechture3.png)

### features
1. Server scalibility for pushing live stream through Auto Scaling to hosts.
2. High availabilty of pulling live stream massively through CloudFront with unique cache behaviours to users.
3. Customized load balancer as an API to detect which network input of server is the lowest and return back the ip to the hosts.
4. Used RTMP to push video stream and HTTP-FLV to pull video stream
5. Video latency is around 2 ~ 5 seconds.
---------------------------------------


## Mysql schema

![image](public/images/dbschema.png)

### features
1. Saved unique stream token for every host in hostlist
2. Saved login expire date of hosts and users in hostlist and userlist
3. Saved every single product owned by hosts in products table
4. Saved orders, products in cart for users in orderlist and cartlist
5. Set Transaction to every mysql query except reading data

---------------------------------------

## Prerequeisite


### Language

JavaScript <br />HTML5 <br />CSS

### Framwork

Node.js / express

### AWS

EC2 <br />S3<br /> RDS<br /> Auto Scaling

### Database

MySQL

### NPM module

crypto<br />
aws-sdk<br />
mysql<br />
Stripe<br />

---------------------------------------

Commit message:

modified architechture description in readme.md

README.md, after:

# WatchBuy 

[WatchBuy](https://hzctony.com/) is a shopping website with live video streams. Hosts can introduce products through live video and share their own live room to the audience. If the audience is interested in any products, just add them to cart and go to pay for them.

[![demo video](https://hzctonyforlive.s3-ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/demovid.png)](https://youtu.be/HZEDPOzgSJk)

[see demo video of live view on Youtube](https://youtu.be/HZEDPOzgSJk)
## features
1. hosts can get their own IP address and stream ID in profile page for pushing their own video.
2. Users can ask questions by sending instant messages in chat view.
3. User can add product to cart and pay for them through Stripe.<br> (<br>now only for test: 
<br>credit card: 4242 4242 4242 4242
<br>Expire: 42/42
<br>CVV/CVC NUMBER : 424
<br>)


---------------------------------------
## Architecture

![image](readme/architechture4.png)

### features
1. Server scalibility for pushing live streams through Auto Scaling. It's important for balancing load of multiple live streams from differnt hosts. Currently, I activated only 2 ec2 instances which type is t2.micro under my auto scaling for testing.
2. High availabilty of pulling live stream massively through CloudFront with unique cache behaviours to users. Here are some tips about getting dynamic content from CloudFront:
    * In my case, every unique pattern path should be : `<EC2 instance ID>*.flv`. '*' in the path equals to any Stream ID owned by host. One cache behavior matchs one public IP of ec2 instance.
    * For caching dynamic content, TTL should be set to 0 second. CloudFront will still check cache content through GET request with 'If-modified-Since' header. See more descriptions about TTL on AWS document: [Amazon CloudFront – Support for Dynamic Content](https://aws.amazon.com/tw/blogs/aws/amazon-cloudfront-support-for-dynamic-content/). 

3. Customized load balancer as an API to detect which network input of ec2 instances is the lowest and return back the ip address to the hosts. Here are some tips:
    * Created Status server, a node.js server, in every instance. It calculated the difference of rx_types(received bytes) between secs after receiving requests.
    * Every time hosts check their own profile on WatchBuy, the WatchBuy server will send GET requests to all Status servers under Auto Scaling with Promise.all to check which is the one with the lowest network input.

4. Used RTMP to push video stream and HTTP-FLV to pull video stream, which is based on the open source: [Node Media Server](https://github.com/illuspas/Node-Media-Server.git). It is great for high interaction between host and audience with very low latency(around 2~5 seconds).

---------------------------------------


## Mysql schema

![image](public/images/dbschema.png)

### features
1. Saved unique stream token for every host in hostlist
2. Saved login expire date of hosts and users in hostlist and userlist
3. Saved every single product owned by hosts in products table
4. Saved orders, products in cart for users in orderlist and cartlist
5. Set Transaction to every mysql query except reading data

---------------------------------------

## Prerequeisite


### Language

JavaScript <br />HTML5 <br />CSS

### Framwork

Node.js / express

### AWS

EC2 <br />S3<br /> RDS<br /> Auto Scaling

### Database

MySQL

### NPM module

crypto<br />
aws-sdk<br />
mysql<br />
Stripe<br />

---------------------------------------
